 I   guess  I  mean  that  finding  peace  of  mind  in  my  work  is  to  work  without  self  conciousness.  to  work  and  move  foreward  without  fear  of  inadequacy  and  of  what  other  people  will  think  of  me  and  judge  me  by  my  work.  I  want  to  find  stillness  and  work  without  putting  the  proverbial  spokes  in  my  tires.  Let  me  rephrase  that  .  to  work  without  putting  the  proverbial  stick  in  between  the  spokes  in  my  tires.  To  do  this  I  will  undoubtably  find  peace  of  mind.  o  know  that  I  am  working  to  th  ebest  of  my  ability  and  have  confidence  in  that.  When  I  mention  fools  gold  I  mean  that  these  things  that  many  people  search  for.  These  external  validators.  They  don't  really  bring  internal  peace.  They  don't  contribute  to  a  long  lasting  form  of  peace  in side.  They  quenche  the  fire  for  maybe  a  moment  when  they  are  acheived  then  the  fire  comes  back  raging  hotter  and  brighter  than  before.  tH the  self  conciousness,  the  need  for  more  .  When  you  search  for  these  goals.  shoot  for  accolades  and power  and  money.  You  will  never  have  enough.  it  is  in  our  nature  to  get  on  the  treadmill  and  always  turn  of up  the  speed  one once  we  have  acclimatized  to  a  certain  speed.  The  only  way  to  find  real  peace  is  to  get  off  the  treadmill  every  once  in  a  while.    It  is  important  to  keep  this  in  mind  because  what  more  can  we  ask  fro  than  peace  in  our  life.  Contentment  that  we  have  done  everything  that  we  can  do.  that  we  have  lived  the  natural  way  and  have  been  virtuous  in  our  quest.  that  we  have  gone  through  our  day  with  no  self  impost ed  stress  and  have  had a  good  run  that  we  are  happy  with.  I  guess  maybe  that's  a  way  to  live  a  life  without  regrets.  To  o  be  able  to  look  back  on  ones  life  and  say,  you  know  what.  I  amp happy  with  how  I  did  that.  I  don't  think  I  need  to  change  it.  In  the  search  for  folos  gold.  We  often  find  we  are  tormented  and  pained.  we  are  put  in  a  position  where  we  might  come  to  realize  ew  have  been  chasing  a  bus  this that  is  always  moving  faster  than  us.  And  once  we  catch  it  we  realize  the  only  way  to  truly  appreciate  our  life  was  to  never  worry  so  much  about  catching  it  in  the  first  place.