 I  guess  what  I  am  really  looking  for  right  now  is  someone  that  can  tell  me  what  they  need.  I  don't  need  a  another  person  in  my  life  that  is  unable  to  vocalize  what  they  need  from  me  .  I  feel  like  I  have  barely  made  any  of  my  needs  apparent.  I  feel  almost  resentful  because  I  ask  for  so  little  from  my  partner.  I  never  ask  for  validation  or  help  or  love  or  anything  of  that  sort.  If  someone  can't  spend  time  with  me  I  never  tell  them  that's  not  okay.  I  If  someone  has  other  plans  I  don't  mind.  .  but  if it  feels  like  in  my  relationships,  in  all  the  ones  that  I  have  been  in  it  doesn't  matter.  I  need  to  live  up  to  this  expectation  set  by  them  for  what  I  should  be  and  when  I  don't  meet  it  I'm  doing  something  terribly  wrong.  It  just  makes  me  resentful  .  I  supos  that  it's  not  in  my  control  so  I  should  n't  give  it  credence.  To  be  like  th  rock  that  with  the  sea  crashing  down  around  it  .  but  it  still  hurts  to  be  told  I  am  not  doing  enough  when  I don't  even  know  what  enough  is  .  Or  to  be  told  that  she  wants  me  to  buy  her  flowers  but  she  doesn't  want  me  to  tell  her  to  buy  her  flowers  because  that's  no  the  same.  Because  that's  not  the  love  that  her  parents  gave  her.  Where  her  needs  were  simple  nad  she  could  be  loved  easily.  Instead  I  am  left  grasping  at  whatever  I  she  expcets  me  to  do  .  what  wild  (not  wild)  but  personal  expectations  she  has.  WHen  i  feel  like  I  have  learned  to  almost  fend  for  myself.  To  live  a  life  without  the  need  for  help  from  others.  maybe that's  a  reason  why  I  am  so  distant  sometimes.  I  don't  know  .  it's  like  when  I  told  her  that  I  wouldn't  be  available  on  valentines  day  and  she  almost  got  angry  at  me  because  I  had  made  other  plans.  I  told  her  I  would  cancel  the  other  plans  but  she  said  she  didn't  want  me  to.  like  what  .  I'm  basically  fucked  if  I choose  one  or  the  other  or .  It's  just  a  lose  lose  situation.  why  can't  it  just  be  easy.  tell  me  what  you  have  to to  have  me  do  to  make  you  feel  better.  I  guess  it's  embarrasing  ,  but  vulnerability  is  always  embarrasing.  I  don't  know.  maybe  i'm  just  tired  of  the  relationship.  Or  maybe  I  am  just  tired  in  general  and  need  to  get  some  more  sleep  tonight.  Until  next  time.  -  serenety  serenety  prayer.  I  god  grant  me  the  serenety  to  accept  the  things  that  I  cannot  change,  the  courage  to  change  those  things  that  I  can,  and  the  wisdom  to  know  the  difference.