 Today  I  want  to  focus  on  my  daily  practice  of  what  to  think  about  during  my  day  at  work.  today  I  need  to  remind  my  self  that  I  am  prefecting  my  craft.  that  this  work  I  do  is  not  about  "working"  hard.  But  rather  is  about  finding  zen.  Finding  peace  of  mind  in  the  moment  to  moment  work  I  do  and  focusing  on  creating  high  quality  work.  To  find  peace  of  mind  is  to  create  high  quality  work .  to  be  self  concious  is  to  be  a  creator  of  low  quality  and  work  that  stinks  of  too  much  effort  and  fear.  .  I  also  want  to  find  stillness  today.  Not  just  stillness  of  body.  a  physical  stillness.  but  also  a  stillness  of  mind  ,  to  have  the  thoughts  not  jump  back  and  forth  but  to  move  near  linearly  and  coordinated  on  the  task  ato hand.  without  distraction  by  other  thoughts  out  of  the  context  of  work.  Finally  If  I  can  I  would  like  to  experience  vaule  stillness.  to  have  no  interested  in  doing  anything  other  than  what  I  am  doing right  now.  to  focus  on  that  and  only  that.  this  is  the  goal  for  me  today.  I  will  live  today  as  the  moment.  recognizing  that  I  only need  attempt  to  find  peace  of  mind  and  will  aim  to  be  as  honest,  self  controlling,  just  and  courageous  person  possible.  all  else  is  unneeded.  it  is  pyrite.  fools  gold.  once  you  have  it  yo  realize  the  true  value  of  it  is  limited.  fame  power  and  fortune  are  all  shallow  and  hollow.  I  suppose  this  is  something  to  remember  when  reflecting  on  my  poor  performance  over  the  weekend.  As  long  as  I  swam  a  high  quality  race  is  all  that  matters.  As  long  as  I  did  it  without  self-conciousness.  As  long  as  I  tried  and  did  it  by  living  in  line  with  my  values  .  this  is  a  ll  that  I  can  ask  of  myself.  .  We  focus  on  the  right  here  right  now.  we  find  the  stillness