what do you say . what do you say when you've lost it all and it doesn't matter what you do. \n\n\n\n what does aman do when he turns nad comes to an age where he has to let go of one thing that has meant so much to him . I mean this in the most equanimous and level headed way possible . not a macho man but a true virtue driven adult . how . I guess marcus aurelius would say that change is the only constant. that we are made to change nad that there is no issue with living in a change and there is no nobility in avoiding it. but it is certainly a scary thought to say goodby to the things that once made us happy . to move forward into the unknown without knowledge of what will come . I guess change is inextricably connected to grief in a sense. EYou lose the things you love and you need to find ways to reconcile with yourself after that . but we know that in time, change will bring you to a place that you are meant to be. the present is a still frame but life life is a movie, still frames gliding past each other where we can barely see stop to recognize the frames as they pass . I don't want to say goodbye to swimming . I don't want to say goodbye to ottawa . I don't want to live a life of fera /// not fear but rather uncertainty. Such highs felt in swimming that I have to leave behind . what if i am never to experience such feelings again. I suppose I am just to be thankful for the opportunity to feel it in the first place . bittersweet. but that's life. yesterday I was semen. tommorrow i'm creamated. and in the middle it's a bunch of 200 breast strokes with a little bit of rest in between . The greatest men ar are those who can walk int the darkness without fear (or rather with courage and fear) e to hide and stay in the known while all wilts around you is the cowards and non-noble way to live. I maybe have this preconception that my life will be just downhill from here. . that eI hav e had all my highhst and will never enjoy things again. that a life of working will be stressful and just focused on ffinding ... id I suppose that what pierre said is important. when I was 2 years old i'd never even thought that I would be able to walk umch much less become and adult and to run and do intelligent action and take calculus courses and live on my own and be a real person. I guess the same goes for now. I don't even know what I will be capable of in the next 20 yeras and they will be the best years of my life since they are a place where I will become more competent more wise . make more friends . find more love. romantic or otherwise. learn to live better. and hopefully find myself. It's important to have a goal though. Another pierre 'ism. If my girlfriend in vancouver say s she want's to see me and I hav eto drive there from ontario i'm going to be driving fast and any roadblocks I hit will be not deter me. If i pop a tire i'll get out and fix it and i'l keep on moving. but without a goal. just drifting and driving a cross the country a popped tire might stop my trip for langer than needed. I won't be focus ed on moving . and forward movement is all that we really can ask for.
